a few nights ago a radio signal got sent
out from somewhere it was these words
playing on a loop
looks like Morse code the island is real
the mysterious island it's just a
lunatic who's messing around on a hand
radio it's not some lunatic it's my
grandfather he's been looking for
mysterious island for years what starts
the code say coordinates longitude
latitude we need to get to these
coordinates
that's the deadliest part of the ocean
there is no island there
we made it the mysterious island this is
amazing
but don't just stand there grandpa I am
gonna show you something that take your
breath away I can't believe it
it's a velocity of Atlantis
let me warn you the heart of this island
is full of jagged mountains dark jungles
from terrifying creatures run run run
run run run
now who's up for an adventure